---
title: "DB Bot"
description: "Complete guide to using the DB Bot"
category: "Docs"
order: 3
---

# DB Bot Documentation

Complete guide to using the DB Bot

## Overview

Welcome to DB Bot! It will help you chat with your data! Just go to the chat page in the left menu and start the conversation. Ask questions about the available data and the chatbot will do its best to answer them!

## Model

The model behind the chatbot is Gemini, from Google.

## Features

### Display Code (&lt;/&gt;)

Click the code display button to show or hide the SQL queries generated by the chatbot.

### Feedback (👍 or 👎)

Click the feedback buttons to send feedback about the received responses, with optional comments. You need to click the send button (📤) for the feedback to be sent.

### Delete Conversation (🗑️)

Click the delete conversation button to delete the conversation with the chatbot. This action is irreversible.

## Prompt Guide

The way you chat with the chatbot can influence the quality of responses! Therefore, below are some tips to help you formulate your questions. They may be useful if the provided responses are incorrect or not good enough!

### 1. Ask One Question at a Time

Try asking one question at a time. If your question is very complex, or perhaps it's a set of several questions, try breaking it down into smaller and simpler questions.

### 2. Use Aggregation Terms

Try using terms like 'by' or 'total' when you need aggregated information according to some variable.

### 3. Use Column Names

If you know the names of the table columns, try mentioning them in your questions. For example, if you know that a table has a 'municipality' column, try using the word municipality instead of 'city'. This doesn't mean you can't use similar words, but using column names helps!

### 4. Specify Table Names

If the chatbot isn't finding an answer to your question and you know which table contains the data needed to answer it, you can try explicitly asking it to search in that specific table. 